# May 20, 2019 Stream

- Time: 12-3 pm Central
- VOD

## What we did

### Show and Tell (15 minutes)

- [X] Personal news update!
- [X] New Edge ML Hardware (Avent Branium and an STM32 Discovery Eval Board)
- [X] Pololu 12V Step-Up Voltage Regulators
- [X] The button box is assembled!

### Emotion Mesh! Edge ML & IoT Project (2 hours, 45 minutes)

#### Recap

- [X] Talk about what we did last time (Set-up cloud-based emotion detection with the Azure Cognitive Services Face API)
- [X] Review what I did last week off-stream
    - [X] Extended the default video streaming demo to capture a single frame when a button is clicked
    - [X] Call the Azure Face API from the captured frame
    - [X] Store results on an SD card and clean-up local resources
    - [ ] Working on training a local emotion detection model for the Coral

#### This time
            
- [X] Set-up an Argon as a gateway on a new mesh network
- [X] Set-up firmware projects in the emotion-mesh repo
- [X] Configure UART communication between Coral and Argon
- [ ] Send a serial message to the Coral when a button on the box is pressed
- [ ] Connect the Arcade buttons to my Gateway Argon and 12v step-up converters
- [ ] Trigger a screen capture and cloud detection from a UART message received on the Coral

#### Stretch (probably next time)

- [ ] Start implementing the emotion training model onto the Coral
- [ ] Set-up a project in Azure IoT Central for Emotion Mesh

## What we learned
- [ ] CircuitPython may be available on the Coral. Look into this.
- [ ] See if I can find a teardown for the Oura ring (thanks for the idea @bscolaro!)


## Thanks!

- [ ] Groguard for the 4-month resub!
- [ ] jam3sn_ for 50 bits!